---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terracurl_request Resource - terracurl"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TerraCurl request resource
---

# terracurl_request (Resource)

TerraCurl request resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `method` (String) HTTP method to use in the API call
- `name` (String) Friendly name for this API call
- `response_codes` (List of String) A list of expected response codes
- `url` (String) Api endpoint to call

### Optional

- `ca_cert_directory` (String) Path to a directory on local disk that contains one or more certificate files that will be used to validate the certificate presented by the server
- `ca_cert_file` (String) Path to a file on local disk that will be used to validate the certificate presented by the server
- `cert_file` (String) Path to a file on local disk that contains the PEM-encoded certificate to present to the server
- `destroy_ca_cert_directory` (String) Path to a directory on local disk that contains one or more certificate files that will be used to validate the certificate presented by the server for the destroy call
- `destroy_ca_cert_file` (String) Path to a file on local disk that will be used to validate the certificate presented by the server for the destroy call
- `destroy_cert_file` (String) Path to a file on local disk that contains the PEM-encoded certificate to present to the server for the destroy call
- `destroy_headers` (Map of String) Map of headers to attach to the destroy API call
- `destroy_key_file` (String) Path to a file on local disk that contains the PEM-encoded private key for which the authentication certificate was issued for the destroy call
- `destroy_max_retry` (Number) Maximum number of tries until it is marked as failed for the destroy call
- `destroy_method` (String) Destroy HTTP method to use in the API call
- `destroy_request_body` (String) A request body to attach to the destroy API call
- `destroy_request_parameters` (Map of String) Map of parameters to attach to the destroy API call
- `destroy_response_codes` (List of String) A list of expected response codes for the destroy call
- `destroy_retry_interval` (Number) Interval between each attempt for the destroy call
- `destroy_skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Set this to true to disable verification of the server's TLS certificate for the destroy call
- `destroy_timeout` (Number) Time in seconds before each request times out for the destroy call. Defaults to 10
- `destroy_url` (String) Destroy API endpoint to call
- `headers` (Map of String) Map of headers to attach to the API call
- `ignore_response_fields` (List of String) List of JSON fields to ignore during drift detection.
- `key_file` (String) Path to a file on local disk that contains the PEM-encoded private key for which the authentication certificate was issued
- `max_retry` (Number) Maximum number of tries until it is marked as failed
- `read_ca_cert_directory` (String) Path to a PEM-encoded CA certificate for the read request (TLS).
- `read_ca_cert_file` (String) Path to a PEM-encoded CA certificate for the read request (TLS).
- `read_cert_file` (String) Path to a PEM-encoded certificate for the read request (TLS).
- `read_headers` (Map of String) Map of headers for the read request.
- `read_key_file` (String) Path to a PEM-encoded private key for the read request (TLS).
- `read_method` (String) HTTP method for reading resource state. Required if `skip_read` is false.
- `read_parameters` (Map of String) Optional request parameters to add to the URL
- `read_request_body` (String) Optional request body to use for the read request.
- `read_response_codes` (List of String) Expected response codes for the read request. Required if `skip_read` is false.
- `read_skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Skip TLS verification for the read request.
- `read_url` (String) API endpoint for reading resource state. Required if `skip_read` is false.
- `request_body` (String) A request body to attach to the API call
- `request_parameters` (Map of String) Map of parameters to attach to the API call
- `retry_interval` (Number) Interval between each attempt
- `skip_destroy` (Boolean) Set this to true to skip issuing a request when the resource is being destroyed
- `skip_read` (Boolean) Set to true to skip the read operation (no drift detection). Defaults to false.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Set this to true to disable verification of the server's TLS certificate
- `timeout` (Number) Time in seconds before each request times out. Defaults to 10

### Read-Only

- `destroy_request_url_string` (String) Destroy request URL includes parameters if request specified
- `drift_marker` (String) Marker to track state drift and trigger resource replacement
- `id` (String) Example identifier
- `request_url_string` (String) Request URL includes parameters if request specified
- `response` (String) JSON response received from request
- `status_code` (String) Response status code received from request
